The people on the "To" list have been selected to attend an "Energy Math" 
training session which will be held on March 7th from 9 AM to 5 PM in the 
River Room at Two World Trade Center.  Amy Fitzpatrick will provide you with 
a course outline and background reading (helpful but not mandatory) by Monday 
morning.  We want to have 15 people attend this course.  I realize that this 
is short notice, so if you can't attend please let me know ASAP so that I can 
find a replacement.

I have been working with Jon Koomey, who will be teaching the course, over 
the last couple of months to tailor a training session that will meet the 
needs of people who work on this floor.  The goal is to provide a 
comprehensive overview of computations and analytical tools that are the 
foundation of analyzing energy problems.  The course is loosely based on a 
graduate level course offered at Berkeley (which Jon has taught and several 
people on the floor have taken) and on a book that Jon Koomey recently 
published.

This is the first time that this course, in its current form, is being 
offered.  As a result, it should be viewed as a work in progress.  Chris 
Calger and I would like every person in this office to have the opportunity 
to take this course between now and the end of the year.  We have selected a 
cross-section of people for this first session.  Some people have a lot of 
experience doing analysis while others have little training in this area.  
Some have been working in the energy industry for several years while others 
are new to the business.  We are hoping that the course will be helpful to 
people with different backgrounds.  Each participant in the class is not only 
responsible for learning as much as you can, but is also required to give 
constructive feedback to Jon Koomey and to us on how to make the course 
better.  You will have both formal and informal opportunities to provide 
feedback.  This feedback is part of the program.  If you aren't willing or 
don't feel that you have the time to take this one-day course and provide us 
with thoughtful, constructive suggestions on how to improve the course for 
the next time please let me know and your name will be removed from the list 
for this session.

Based on the feedback from this course, we will make modifications before the 
next course is offered in a month or so.  With your help, we will be able to 
improve the training for the people who come after you.  Thanks in advance 
for your help with this, and I hope that you find this training to be helpful.

Tim Belden
