Susan --

Muchas gracias.  Thanks.

Jim

-----Original Message-----
From: Lindberg, Susan 
Sent: Monday, September 17, 2001 2:34 PM
To: Nicolay, Christi L.; Steffes, James D.
Subject: FW: EEI Interconnection Project


I'll keep an eye on this.

-----Original Message-----
From: Michael Reddy [mailto:Mreddy@epsa.org]
Sent: Monday, September 17, 2001 2:20 PM
To: acomnes@enron.com; Hawkins, Bernadette; Nersesian, Carin; Nicolay,
Christi L.; Fulton, Donna; Scheuer, Janelle; jhartso@enron.com; Shelk,
John; Jsteffe@enron.com; Noske, Linda J.; Robertson, Linda; Alvarez,
Ray; Shapiro, Richard; Novosel, Sarah; Mara, Susan; Lindberg, Susan;
Hoatson, Tom
Subject: RE: EEI Interconnection Project


MEMORANDUM


TO: Regulatory Affairs Committee
       Power Marketing Working Group

FROM: Jim Steffes, Regulatory Affairs Committee Chair
            Bob Reilley, Power Marketers Working Group Chair
            Julie Simon, Vice President of Policy

DATE: September 17, 2001

RE: EEI Interconnection Project
       ?Conference Call on Friday, September 28th at 11:00 a.m. 
        (EDT)

EEI has recently undertaken an effort to draft Model Interconnection Procedures for new generators, along with a pro forma Interconnection and Operating Agreement.  They have recently distributed those documents to EPSA, as well as other industry trade associations, in an effort to get feedback from other industry groups.  It is, however, unclear when EEI's efforts will be shared with the FERC Staff.

The documents, including an Explanation and Commentary on the draft Procedures and Interconnection and Operating Agreement are attached.  EPSA will hold a conference call on Friday, September 28th at 11:00 a.m. (EDT) to discuss our response to EEI so please feel free to forward these documents to those in your company handling interconnection issues.  To access the call, dial 1-800-937-6563.  Ask for the Julie Simon/EPSA Call. If you have any thoughts on the documents before the September 28th conference Call, please contact Julie Simon at jsimon@epsa.org or Jack Cashin at jcashin@epsa.org.  

Attachments
