I am planning on calling in from home.  Do we have a list of issues/states that we want EPSA to focus on?

If you send me your thoughts, I think that we can send to EPSA before the phone call.

My list -

1.	Florida Wholesale (EWG w/o CCN)
2.	AZ opposition to the APS - Pinnacle West generation "sale"
3.	Continue pushing at state level for NOx fairness in allocation to IPPs
4.	Re-instate Direct Access in California.

Many EPSA members (led by Williams) will fight against direct access.  I won't push hard here.

Jim

[Steffes, James D.]  
 -----Original Message-----
From: 	"Samantha Slater" <SSLATER@epsa.org>@ENRON  
Sent:	Monday, November 19, 2001 7:52 AM
To:	bhueter@enron.com; Linnell, Elizabeth; Kingerski, Harry; jmigden@enron.com; jsteffe@enron.com; Robinson, Marchris; Petrochko, Mona L.; Kaufman, Paul; rboston@enron.com; rshapiro@enron.com; snord@enron.com; Montovano, Steve; Landwehr, Susan M.
Subject:	2002 State Issues & Public Affairs Planning Conference Call

MEMORANDUM

TO:	State Issues Committee
                Public Affairs Committee

FROM:	Jane Cahill, State Issues Committee Chair
                Jana Martin, Public Affairs Committee Chair
                Mark Stultz, Vice President of Public Affairs & Marketing
                Samantha Slater, Manager of State & Regional Affairs

DATE:	November 19, 2001

RE:	EPSA State Issues & Public Affairs Action Plan for 2002	Conference Call on Friday, November 30th at 11:00 a.m. (EST)

On Friday, November 30, 2001 at 11:00 a.m. (EST), the Public Affairs and State Issues Committees will hold a conference call to begin discussions regarding specific public affairs actions to be taken by EPSA to support state restructuring efforts, as well as the development of merchant power plant projects nationwide.  During the conference call, we will formulate a preliminary list of states and/or regions for EPSA to target during our initial efforts for 2002.

To access this call dial 1-800-937-6563.  Ask for the EPSA/Samantha Slater Call.   If you have any questions or concerns, or cannot participate on the conference call, please call Mark Stultz or Samantha Slater at EPSA (202-628-8200) prior to November 30th.



