Charles + Steve + Ray + Dave + Andy --

There have been a number of e-mails related to my initial request for a transition plan for Dick Ingersoll.  

By this e-mail, I am asking that Charles Yeung take the lead on ensuring a smooth transition and that all meetings are appropriately covered.  Please coordinate as a team to work out the details.  Charles please also consider that Jose Bestard will be returning at some point in the near future.

Thanks,

Jim


 -----Original Message-----
From: 	Yeung, Charles  
Sent:	Thursday, August 09, 2001 9:21 PM
To:	'Steffes, James D.'; Walton, Steve; Alvarez, Ray; Perrino, Dave; Rodriquez, Andy
Subject:	RE: Transition from Dick Ingersoll in NERC/WSCC

I am planning to go to the Security Subcommittee meeting in Sept since I will be there for other NERC meetings that week.  I may need Andy or Steve to cover the Flowbased meeting onA Aug 30, I am conflicted with a NERC meeting on RTO Scheduling practices on that day.


 -----Original Message-----
From: 	Steffes, James D.  
Sent:	Wednesday, August 08, 2001 9:28 AM
To:	Walton, Steve; Alvarez, Ray; Yeung, Charles; Perrino, Dave; Rodriquez, Andy
Subject:	Transition from Dick Ingersoll in NERC/WSCC

As some of you may be aware, Dick's consulting arrangement with Enron ends later this fall.  In an effort to make the transition as easy as possible, I would recommend that the following people work with Dick to transition on critical committees and tasks (nothing is hardwired, so if we need to change people, let me know).

Dick will attend the upcoming WSCC EPITF meeting (not sure of date, but think in the next two weeks).  My recommendation is that Steve Walton attend with Dick and become the lead.  We may not get a voting seat after Dick leaves, but we should try and cover.

Ray Alvarez should attend the WSCC Board Meeting on Aug 27 with Dick to pick up these responsibilities.

Charles Yeung should pick up coverage for the FlowBased discussions.  Dick will not attend the next meeting in Chicago that takes place on Aug 30.  

Andy Rodriguez should pick up the Security Coordinator Subcommitte discussions that take place Sept 25 - 27.  Dick will not attend.

I think that Charles, Ray, Dick and I should attend the NERC Stakeholders Mtg on Oct 15 - 16.

Finally, Dave Perrino should go with Dick to the next WSCC OCTPG meeting.

Let me know if this transition plan works.

Jim
