
To better leverage intellectual capital across Enron Net Works, we have several organizational announcements to share with you:

Sally Beck, Tom Gros and Beth Perlman will work together to direct our efforts to "commercialize" our mid and back office services.  They will report to the ENW Office of the Chair.  Sally will continue to lead the day-to-day operations of our mid & back office.  In addition to leading the development and marketing of Commodity Logic, Tom will have primary responsibility for the marketing of our mid & back office services.  Beth will continue to lead IT development for the Americas, including Commodity Logic and all other systems necessary to deliver mid & back office services.  Joining Tom's marketing team are Sheri Thomas, Frank Davis, Andrea Crump, Jeff Harbert and Fred Philipson.  

The EnronOnline Product Control function, currently reporting to Sheri Thomas, will fold into EnronOnline Operations.  Savita Puthigai will lead the combined group, which will have responsibility for all non-IT day-to-day operations.  Sheri will move to the mid & back office commercialization effort reporting to Tom Gros.  Jennifer Denny will assume Sheri's responsibilities as the lead for product control.

Amita Gosalia, director of EnronOnline Europe Support, has accepted a new position with EBS in London.  With her departure, Lara Fields will assume responsibility for the EnronOnline support team in Europe and report to Savita.  Paul Goddard will continue to lead our marketing efforts in Europe and report directly to Andy Zipper, who will continue to lead all of EnronOnline's activities.  Angela Connelly will continue to manage EnronOnline's content in Europe and report to Kal Shah.  Additionally, John Pavetto, John Cummings, John Allario, Mike Haney and Jake Staffel will join Andy's team to focus on origination opportunities around the EnronOnline application.

Rex Shelby and David Berberian will focus on special initiatives and new business opportunities.  Brandon Wax will manage ENW's investment portfolio.  Mark S. Palmer will lead the Transaction Development and Structuring team.  In their new roles, Rex, Brandon and Mark will report to the ENW Office of the Chair.

Please join us in congratulating everyone on their new responsibilities and thank you for your continued support as we position ENW for the future.

