For those of you interesed in volunteering for this event.  Please respond to Twanda Sweet at extension 3-9402.

Enron Wholesale Services Legal Department will be hosting a 4th of July Holiday party on July 3 at 2:00 -3:00 p.m. for the House of Tiny Treasures.  We are currently looking for volunteers to lend a helping hand with this event.  If you are interested in volunteering, please contact Twanda Sweet at extension 3-9402.  If you can't attend, due to vacation or other commitments, we will gladly accept donations from the Wish List below as well as monetary contributions.


House of Tiny Treasures  

SEARCH's House of Tiny Treasures (HTT), located at 1529 Lombardy, is the first licensed childcare facility in Houston exclusively serving homeless children.  Operating Monday through Friday, 7:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m., HTT offers a structured, play-oriented approach with appropriate pre-kindergarten activities for children ages 6 weeks to 5 years.  HTT reflects the standard of high quality childcare, with staff to child ratios superior to those required by the state.

To be eligible for services, parents must be homeless and enrolled in a job training program.  Working parents pay a percentage of their gross income.  Once a parent is employed, children may remain at HTT for two years.  Services include: transportation, meals, healthcare, parent education, early childhood curriculum, emotional and developmental services, case management, and language development.

Ages of current student population:
6	Infants (6 months - 1 year old)
6	Toddlers (18 months - 2)
11	2 and 3 year olds
14	3 to 5 year olds	

CURRENT WISH LIST:

q	Socks (infants and children's - new only please)
q	Underwear (girls and boys - new only please) 
q	Diapers
q	Swim Diapers ("L'il Swimmers")
q	Pull-Ups
q	Baby Wipes
q	Baby Play Gyms
q	Rid Shampoo (for hair lice)
q	Ethnic Hair products for children
q	Insect repellant (children's and adults)
q	Sunscreen (children's)
q	100% juice boxes and plastic jars
q	Canned fruit and vegetables
q	Film (Polaroid and 35mm)
q	Cameras (Polaroid and 35mm film)


Thank you.







