

 -----Original Message-----
From: 	Brad Gabrielson <bgabrielson@cdnam.com>@ENRON [mailto:IMCEANOTES-Brad+20Gabrielson+20+3Cbgabrielson+40cdnam+2Ecom+3E+40ENRON@ENRON.com] 
Sent:	Monday, June 25, 2001 9:59 AM
To:	Dorland, Chris
Cc:	Stanley Jones
Subject:	God The Canadian





Once upon a time in the Kingdom of Heaven, God went missing for six
days.
Eventually, Michael the archangel found him, resting on the seventh
day.
He inquired of God, "Where have you been?"
God sighed a deep sigh of satisfaction and proudly pointed downwards
through the clouds, "Look Michael, look what I've made."
Archangel Michael looked puzzled and said, "What is it?"

"It's a planet," replied God, "and I've put LIFE on it. I'm going to
call it Earth and it's going to be a great place of balance."
"Balance?" inquired Michael, still confused.


God explained, pointing to different parts of Earth, "For example,
Northern Europe will be a place of great opportunity and wealth while
Southern
Europe is going to be poor; the Middle East over there will be a hot
spot.
Over there I've placed a continent of white people and over there is a
continent of black people,"
God continued, pointing to different countries. "This one will be
extremely
hot and arid while this one will be very cold and covered in ice."
The Archangel, impressed by Gods work, then pointed to a large landmass

in the top corner and asked, "What's that one?"
"Ah," said God. "That's Canada, the most glorious place on Earth.
There are beautiful mountains, lakes, rivers, streams and an exquisite
coastline.
The people from Canada are going to be modest, intelligent and humorous
and
they're going to be found traveling the world. They'll be extremely
sociable, hard working and high achieving, and they will be known
throughout the world as diplomats and carriers of peace. I'm also going
to give
them super-human, undefeatable ice hockey players who will be admired
and
feared by all who come across them."


Michael gasped in wonder and admiration but then proclaimed; "What
about balance, God? You said there will be BALANCE!"
God replied wisely. "Wait until you see the loud-mouthed obnoxious
idiots I'm putting next to them...."


                  I    A M   C A N A D I A N ! ! ! !
 - att1(2).htm 
