First off, I am still confused on how this whole thing plays out myself. I will be flying into Houston quite a lot in the short term to get a feeling for what is currently in place for EES. Tim wants Don Black to stay in place for the short term to help him make his way through this mess called EES. Don Black has not been with EES that long, so he is not being hit w/ any of the blame for the current problems. I should have a clearer picture of what is going on in the next couple of weeks.


				Ps   I am now an Associate.

						Chris

 -----Original Message-----
From: 	Monica Lande/PDX/ECT@ECT [mailto:IMCEANOTES-Monica+20Lande_PDX_ECT+40ECT@ENRON.com]  On Behalf Of Lande, Monica
Sent:	Friday, May 04, 2001 6:24 AM
To:	Stokley, Chris
Subject:	Re: Organization Announcement

I give up, I am so confused.  How does this play out with the Portland office - will you be working with Don?


   Enron Americas - Office of the Chairman
From:	Enron Americas - Office of the Chairman@ENRON on 04/05/2001 08:17 CDT
Sent by:	Enron Announcements@ENRON
To:	All Enron Worldwide
cc:	 
Subject:	Organization Announcement

Given the growth in EES it has become apparent that it is time to consolidate the risk functions between EES and EWS.  This will provide EES with the systems, resources and risk expertise of the wholesale energy groups necessary for it to continue to grow and take advantage of current market opportunities.

With this in mind and in agreement with the management of EES, two new risk groups inside Enron Americas will be formed to provide EES with pricing, structuring, retail and wholesale commodity risk management, logistics and back-office services.  These groups main function is to provide these services to EES.  We have asked Rogers Herndon, currently Vice President-Trading in the Eastern Power Group to manage this function in the Eastern Interconnect (this includes both gas and power).  Rogers will continue to report to Kevin Presto.  We have asked Don Black, formerly Vice President-EES Risk Management and Sourcing, to manage this function in the Western U.S.  Don will manage this group from Houston and will report to Tim Belden.

These groups will work very closely with EES to pursue shared goals while ensuring close coordination with the wholesale gas and power trading organizations.

These changes are effective immediately.  Please congratulate Rogers and Don on their new roles.


John Lavorato & Louise Kitchen

