

 

Job Title: Commercial Manager 
Location: Houston, TX 
Business Unit: Duke Energy Field Services 

Source Code: DRA008840 


Responsibilities Include:

Responsible for securing natural gas supply through long-term transportation, processing, compression, and production handling agreements. Draft, develop, and negotiate new contracts and maintain existing commercial contracts. Coordinate with various internal groups including reserves, engineering, planning and legal to develop and manage all aspects of new projects from inception to implementation. Direct daily activities of pipeline and plant operations as it relates to commercial activity. Participate and support company efforts in managing interests in partnership activities. Evaluate and pursue pipeline interconnects or pipeline/gas plant acquisition opportunities. Knowledge and understanding of commercial transactions including identifying and understanding market opportunities, risks, and deal structuring. Perform other related duties as business conditions dictate.

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in Business Administration, Engineering, Accounting, Marketing or other comparable degree. Seven years industry experience including evaluating, preparing and negotiating business development opportunities. Must understand and be capable of developing and evaluating economic modeling of projects. Proficient with spreadsheet applications. Excellent communication, interpersonal, and organization skills.

Desired Qualifications:

Ten years experience in the natural gas or energy industry, including experience preparing, evaluating and negotiating term business development opportunities within the Midstream (gathering and processing) market. Excellent working knowledge of gas processing economics. Knowledge of the natural gas supply grid, particularly offshore, and industry participants.

Interested individuals may submit either expressions of interest or resume's to Southern Division Human Resources -- 5718 Westheimer, Suite 2000, Houston, TX 77057 or Fax to 713-627-6617.

Interested, qualified candidates may submit an electronic interest form <http://resumebuilder.webhire.com/resume_add.asp?company=duke> for this position. NOTE: You must enter the source code when submitting your resume. The source code for this position is DRA008840.
Equal Opportunity Employeer 
